Add an optional toolip to SortableColumn headers. (#10262)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

tip "Date format"
	`The format that dates in the game are displayed in.`

# Player info panel
tip "crew column"

> 	`Crew currently aboard the ship. May be fewer than minimum complement.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`Crew currently aboard the ship. This number may be fewer than minimum complement.`
```
What about this?

Author: I would have either
> May be fewer than minimum complement.
or
> This number may be fewer than _the_ minimum complement.
but my preference would be for brevity. this is a treansient tooltip not prose.

Reviewer: Forgot the the, correct.

> 	`Crew currently aboard the ship. May be fewer than minimum complement.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	`Crew currently aboard the ship. May be fewer than required crew.`
```
Or perhaps:
```suggestion
	`Crew currently aboard the ship. May be fewer than required.`
```
